CLA assistant (#482)
kyma-project/community: guidelines/repository-guidelines/01-new-repository-settings.md

![Zenhub webhook 2](./assets/zenhub-webhook-2.png)

## Update CLA assistant configuration

> Ask [kyma-project owner](https://github.com/orgs/kyma-project/people) to add newly created repozitory to the https://cla-assistant.io/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ask a [kyma-project owner](https://github.com/orgs/kyma-project/people) to add the newly created repository to the [Contributor License Agreement](https://cla-assistant.io/) (CLA).
```
